docs/index.md, before:

# Kageshit Browser Extension
It's here. The Kageshit Firefox Extension.

[Version 0.23 Firefox](https://codekane.github.io/kageshit/release/kageshit-0.23.xpi)  

## What is this?
This is a browser extension for adding features, and fixing bugs on
[ezcapechat.com](https://www.ezcapechat.com). If you're unfamiliar, it's a site
for video-chatting with your friends, and for making new ones.

## V0.23 Release Notes
- New Logo!
## V0.22 Release Notes
- SoundCloud support has now returned
    - !sc_add <SoundCloud URL> to add a song to the queue
    - !sc_del <ScoundCloud URL> to remove a song from the queue

## V0.21 Release Notes
- Add support for Dongfix's fancy stylings.
- Add toggle to enable/disable aforementioned stylings in the add-on preference
    page


## V0.2 Release Notes
- SoundCloud is temporarily disabled, while I work out the kinks, and
    reverse-engineer the code. It'll be back.
- Tab completion is now working wonderfully, thanks to dongfix.
- No more copy/pasting Imgur links. Hurray!
- Removes that stupid message that shows up when you join, and haven't typed
    anything yet, or you try to PM someone.



[Dongfix's Chrome Extension](https://misconfigured.link/extension.html)

Commit message:

V0.24 Release. Adds support for a text normalization feature, forcing everyone's font to 1em, so that they can force them to stop yelling.

docs/index.md, after:

# Kageshit Browser Extension
It's here. The Kageshit Firefox Extension.

[Version 0.23 Firefox](https://codekane.github.io/kageshit/release/kageshit-0.23.xpi)  

## What is this?
This is a browser extension for adding features, and fixing bugs on
[ezcapechat.com](https://www.ezcapechat.com). If you're unfamiliar, it's a site
for video-chatting with your friends, and for making new ones.

## V0.24 Release Notes
- New Feature: Text-size normalization.
    - enable in Preference pane to force everyones font size to 1em

## V0.23 Release Notes
- New Logo!
## V0.22 Release Notes
- SoundCloud support has now returned
    - !sc_add <SoundCloud URL> to add a song to the queue
    - !sc_del <ScoundCloud URL> to remove a song from the queue

## V0.21 Release Notes
- Add support for Dongfix's fancy stylings.
- Add toggle to enable/disable aforementioned stylings in the add-on preference
    page


## V0.2 Release Notes
- SoundCloud is temporarily disabled, while I work out the kinks, and
    reverse-engineer the code. It'll be back.
- Tab completion is now working wonderfully, thanks to dongfix.
- No more copy/pasting Imgur links. Hurray!
- Removes that stupid message that shows up when you join, and haven't typed
    anything yet, or you try to PM someone.



[Dongfix's Chrome Extension](https://misconfigured.link/extension.html)
